Reformat text to have at most one sentence per line (#197)
nix-open-org/org-v2: README.md

  - [Nix Governance Constitution](./doc/constitution.md)
  - [Nix Community Values](./doc/values.md)
- [Calendar](./doc/calendar.md)

## Drafting notes

Text is written in Markdown.

For the sake of human-readable diffs and patches, each line must contain at most one sentence.
Long sentances may be broken into multiple lines at points of sub-sentance punctuation (e.g. comma, em-dash, semicolon) boundaries.

> Markdown explicitly ignores the location of line-breaks within paragraphs, so this convention does not affect the meaning of the text.

Author: ```suggestion
Markdown explicitly ignores the location of line-breaks within paragraphs, so this convention does not affect the meaning of the text.
(This rule a specific instance of the general principle of "semantic line breaks", discussed at greater length at <https://sembr.org/>.)
```

Reviewer: *CommonMark* behaves like this, but here we use GitHub Flavored Markdown, which
does
assign meaning to single line breaks.

So do we really want to adopt this rule?

The documentation team adopted this rule for CommonMark, in the manuals and nix.dev.

Author: @roberth I believe that for the last few years, GitHub has different rules for markdown files and GitHub comments. Comments are still
Line break
Sensative

But markdown files are not. Indeed, if one goes and toggles the rendered/pretty diff, it will say there are no changes.

Reviewer: Oh, TIL. Thanks

For the sake of human-readable diffs and patches, each line must contain at most one sentence.
Long sentances may be broken into multiple lines at points of sub-sentance punctuation (e.g. comma, em-dash, semicolon) boundaries.
Markdown explicitly ignores the location of line-breaks within paragraphs, so this convention does not affect the meaning of the text.

> (This rule a specific instance of the general principle of "semantic line breaks", discussed at greater length at <https://sembr.org/>.)

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
(This rule is a specific instance of the general principle of "semantic line breaks", discussed at greater length at <https://sembr.org/>.)
```

Reviewer 2: Actually, I think I prefer:

```suggestion
(This rule is an instance of the general principle of "semantic line breaks", discussed at greater length at <https://sembr.org/>.)
```
